Subject page updates (#4072)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/is-teaching-right-for-me/maths.md

---
title: Become a maths teacher
title_paragraph: |-
  <p>
  If maths is your passion, you'll know that it's not just learning formulas or solving equations. It's a way of thinking and problem solving that’s important in every walk of life.</p>
  <p>
  As a secondary maths teacher, an exciting career spent passing your knowledge on to the next generation could be for you. 
  <p>

>   Tax-free bursaries of £28,000 or scholarships of £30,000 are available for eligible trainee maths teachers.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Tax-free bursaries of $bursaries_postgraduate_maths$ or scholarships of $scholarships_maths$ are available for eligible trainee maths teachers.</p>
```
